[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: So we've been talking
about taking a look at how fast
things are going in the browser.
And I said, whatever your duration is,
you wanna have it and then have it again.
There's another option, which is
that you can work in your browser.
Yes, you can do this today
with your developer tools.
With all of your animations
slowed down by default.
So you'll be developing with
short durations by default.
Let me show you how you would do this.
We're gonna use my site.
Let me open up
Firefox Developer Edition here.
>> Rachel Nabors: We have these options
in Firefox Developer Edition and
Chrome and I'm going to show you
how to do them, do it in both.
So here in Firefox Developer Edition I've
open the developer tools using Cmd+Alt+I.
Or, if you're on a Windows machine,
you'd use Ctrl+Alt+I.
Now let's see,
we have got an animation tab right here.
Boom, I'm gonna make these
a little bit smaller, so
that we can see a little bit better.
But down here we've got the animation tab,
we've got a lot of timelines, there cool.
We'll check them out.
But we can also set the entire
playback rate to run at a quarter of
what it should, and
watch what happens now.
>> Rachel Nabors: It's working for
the main one, but
it's not working for the body.
That was unexpected.
>> Rachel Nabors: Hm, I think it only
works if I set it to a selected.
Well that is odd, you can pause
all animations, but apparently in
this version, there's a bug that's
not letting me slow them universally.
But it's there,
one day it will work as expected.
Let's take a look using
the Chrome dev tools.
>> Rachel Nabors: Now in Chrome's
dev tools it'll probably pop
up with the elements tab.
If you hit escape,
you will get this lovely console.
>> Rachel Nabors: And
there's some animation stuff happening up
here we'll talk about a little bit later.
But you also have these options,
these are liable to change over time.
Like, you can set it to run it 100% or
10% or 25%.
25% is a sweet one.
So these might not be the same ones
that you're going to see in the future.
Problem is, as you can see when we
close the tab, the thing stop applying.
That might actually be what's
happening in Firefox too.
So as you can see, it 100% slows down
every animation from the text change,
to the slide out rate,
to how fast her hands are moving.
And this lets us work with animations and
see that there's a little slight bounce
happening in this slider,
which is exactly what I wanted.
I wanted it have a little
bouncy happy feel to it.
But it's kind of hard to see that
when you're running it at 100%.
So, for development,
I might actually use my browser,
with my browser open,
my browser's div tools open.
I might do everything and at 25%.
I'm gonna see if that's actually true over
here, let me see if I can get that right.
>> Rachel Nabors: The nice thing that I
like about the tools in Firefox is that
you can make them run even faster.
It has a little bit more options,
which I appreciate.
Let's see, no,
it's being a little buggy today.
The difficulties of using nightlies and
such.
Sweetness.